#Tasque Tracker

**Motivation:** An organization contains a lot of employees working at various levels. They range from Company Owner, Project Manager, Team Leads and General Employee. A fixed hierarchy is followed whenever any project is received by the company. The company owner gets a project from the client. He/She in turn assigns the same to a project manager. The project manager, in turn, divides the project into different sub-projects and allots them to domain-specific team leads. The team leads, in turn, have a set of domain-specific general employees who work on the tasks assigned to them by their respective team leads. All the task distribution will also have an assigned deadline by which the employee responsible for the task would have to complete it. When the employees finish their task, the person who had initially assigned it to them, reviews it and decides whether it is actually finished or not.

**Idea: **
Tasque Tracker very effectively handles the process from the very top to bottom. At every stage, it distributes the tasks to the employees in a very intelligent manner. It takes into account the number of projects they are working on, and their general expertise in the domain of the project to do so.
Along with this, Tasque Tracker also provides various other functionalities such as authentication of the person using the platform, query management portal for the projects, and performance review for the employees that can be taken by their seniors in the company.
